continuous improvement***
Web Development and Design (COMP6780) a course that I was so nervous at the beginning of my second semester at ANU.
I still remember my first lecture held by Ms Sabrina Caldwell (Course Convenor)  and Mr Tom Gedeon via Zoom on a Monday afternoon. 
At the very beginning I was relieved when the course was announced to take place in Hybrid-mode.
Initially, I was quite surprised when I got to know that students from almost every department at ANU enroled int his course.
Sabrina and Tom assured us to stay updated with the course methodology to develop critical web development skills no matter if you have any experience or not.
Myself, being from a non-web developer background felt very confident to pursue this course further.

Afterwards, Sabrina introduced us with Socrative, it was an amazing platform for live-polling. It was one of the best in-class activity I loved to participate in.
The poll consisted of recently taught concepts and some fun general knowledge questions. I still remember that "attention span of a Goldfish vs Human" question 
that I got wrong, as Goldfish tend to have longer attention span than any user on a new webpage (hilarious right?). The amazing part was I still vividly remember all 
answers and the fun conversations we had with Sabrina about the wrong attempts.

For initial 6 weeks the course also reinforced with MOOC lessons, quizzes and lab activities using JS Bin. I miss those days. It was so fun to watch the basics
with Tom's MOOC videos and sample JS Bin codes provided on Wattle. After completing that, I watched Sabrina's lecture again on echo360 before attempting weekly quizzes.
The weekly quizzes were so awesome with the re-attempting feature, I could always learn about my wrong attempts and correct them right there.
Starting from the basic full forms of HTML and CSS (HyperText Markup Language and Cascading Style Sheets) to advanced codes in even Javascripts,
I got a firm grip on literally every concept.

I could see myself engulfing with critical Web Development skills while creating my Assignments (1, 2, 3). It turned out so catchy and easy to operate with just any
text editor and a web browser, that is literally all, I used to develop my website. Plus the freedom to choose my own topic to develop my website was such an amazing
option, I visulaized so much about my content on my website in the first week, what will surprise you is that I implemented all my plans successfully, I designed
every little bit I hoped at the beginning. (text over videos, hyperlinks, hover effects, source log management, feedback forms, tables, images, video editing and much more)

I must say, I had some hurdles while designing my website, but I used to post my doubts on Piazza forum where my fellow classmates and instructors resolved 
all my doubts within minutes.

The last activity was participating in SONA surveys held by School of Psychology, ANU to research more about human-centered designing. The activities varied from
basic QnA to some rapid-response games. It was such fun that I even earned more credit than required. 
Later on, Sabrina taught us how to write a report reflecting on my survey experience and how such user-participation is critical for web design.
My report followed a formal structure, thanks to Sabrina, cheers to it. The context of my report covers Human-Computer Interaction with the help of Agile Development.

Ms Sabrina also said the skills to be tested in the final exams will be concepts, not live coding. That was such a great news that the exam is non-technical 
and will take place remotely by Wattle Proctorio mode. 
I feel so blessed to reflect back on my journey and incredible memories this course gave me. I am so proud of my choice, selecting COMP6780 as a course at ANU.